everyone aspect ratio should be fixed on
this I just copy the the file straight
from Canada YouTube probably bothered
messing around with editing programs and
and converting this stuff so I just
switched back cover the 4:3 should look
for now I'll finish stripping it I'm
ready to strip the axles and and stuff
and yeah pull that apart pull em apart
clean everything inside red grease free
oil real ood all you people know the
drill this stuff bra so cute sauce is
saying I do do these stuff is I get
everything up Shaunie like oh good
there's some new tires
I'll fit on that inserts
I know those yeah oh that's what's up
north Canada engine mines are finally
campus I bought some new toys as well
still gonna put in this stuff obviously
yeah hundred sixty bucks you are for me
I'm gonna race it or nothing I just play
with it and streets and wherever so yeah
I would as far as pretty cool huh
like I said a.m. for people like me run
them on the street and stuff and
wherever there should last a bit longer
but anyway another thing I don't know if
you can tell that there's another bent
20 of year
I hope so we've been to me like there
see that and yeah where it comes
together the medal split open there and
there and that indicates to me is a bent
so I already a.m.
hey babe
alright what I left my wallet in Utah oh
really
I've got to get that money up here
anyway so I'll call you later I'm doing
something for you back in five ah really
ah don't need money today anyway okay
sorry
so I want to start doing this Ian I was
just saying
yeah or didn't you wanna be's and bring
your housing not the whole thing just
the housing so this is still okay which
goes inside teeth a little bit one that
should be on it
well those back one's still good so a
bit distracted from the phone call yeah
I still looks alright
the little bit open there but I think I
can fix that box off
yeah cool huh
I just wanted to quickly show you
stripped down Big Springs I like to
label everything
leash anyway I say I'm going to show it
all dirty and stuff because I'm gonna
publish it a lot cleaner ball I'm a chef
on the difference and I said comes up
because I reckon that's gonna come out
really good all right it's enough see
you next time